There is no way in my life that I will divorce him.
An arm with a mouth. Today I am going to teach you an unfilial daughter a lesson.
He actually married an orphan and had children.
You have brought shame on our family.
Yuan talked. This has a mind of its own.
Very normal. This is no longer a child.
Can it be attacked? husband,
I said at the beginning not to marry him back.
What I did today brought shame to the whole family.
I really admire you.
Mr. Zhou can like you
But you can’t ask for a residence
You took Mr. Zhou away today
If you told me, I would tell him
You married an orphan
Still pregnant with a child
Are you still willing to spend these billions?
There has been no work for two months
People are still working
this project
It is a project of Yuncheng Government
Husband, what's wrong? What happened?
We have some funds
They are all devoted to the school cooperation with the Zhou family.
The two people in the engineering department have not been paid either.
There has been a strike all day long
Can we discuss it with the Zhou family?
How is this possible?
The young man was making trouble with the people from Zhou's company
How could he help us?
My dear, this girl is really a broom star.
As soon as I came back, I found myself in this predicament.
You can also decide between your life and Zhou Muzi’s affair.
If you don’t understand the plan, you should also plan it.